Multitenancy: add link to authoritative definition (#417)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/concepts/collections.md

## Setting up multitenancy

> **How many collections should you create?** In most cases, you should only use a single collection with payload-based partitioning. This approach is called [multitenancy](https://www.ibm.com/topics/multi-tenant). It is efficient for most of users, but it requires additional configuration. [Learn how to set it up](../../tutorials/multiple-partitions/)

Author: ```suggestion
**How many collections should you create?** In most cases, you should only use a single collection with payload-based partitioning. This approach is called [multitenancy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multitenancy). It is efficient for most of users, but it requires additional configuration. [Learn how to set it up](../../tutorials/multiple-partitions/)
```
